[MINI-6188] Send analytics to host app (#504)
rakutentech/ios-miniapp: USERGUIDE.md

}
```

<a id="miniapp-sendAnalytics"></a>

### Receive MiniApp Analytics 

MiniApps can send the analytics information to host app through the `sendAnalytics` interface defined in JS-SDK.
iOS Hostapp can extend this optional `MAAnalayticsDelegate` interface/delegate to receive the analytics that is sent from the Miniapp.

```swift

> extension ViewController: MiniAppMessageDelegate {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extension ViewController: MAAnalayticsDelegate {
```

>     func didReceiveMAAnalytics(analyticsInfo: MAAnalytics, completionHandler: @escaping (Result<MASDKProtocolResponse, MAAnalyticsError>) -> Void) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    func didReceiveMAAnalytics(analyticsInfo: MAAnalyticsInfo, completionHandler: @escaping (Result<MASDKProtocolResponse, MAAnalyticsError>) -> Void) {
```

Author: Thank you, I have updated this 👍🏽 please review.

> MiniApps can send the analytics information to host app through the `sendAnalytics` interface defined in JS-SDK.
> MiniAppSDK in iOS provides the `MiniAppMessageDelegate` interface method `func didReceiveMAAnalytics(analyticsInfo: MAAnalytics, completionHandler: @escaping (Result<MASDKProtocolResponse, MAAnalyticsError>) -> Void)` which can be implemented in the host app , to receive the MiniApp analytics event info object of type `MAAnalytics`. This delegate method is an optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MiniApps can send the analytics information to host app through the `sendAnalytics` interface defined in JS-SDK.
iOS Hostapp can extend this optional 'MAAnalayticsDelegate' interface/delegate to receive the analytics that is sent from the Miniapp. 
```

        print(analyticsInfo)

>         // analyticsInfo: MAAnalytics - This object holds the Analytics info of the events triggered from MiniApps, This can be further used to record the MiniApp Analytics events from host app.

Author: Thank you, I have updated this 👍🏽 please review.
